KKC. hmm hmm yeah
or We can talk about robotics.
uh hahahahha
I don't have anything I really want to talk about.
Okay, so how did the caveat go?
Are you confident? What did you apply for?
dealing ?How much have you done for club?
Like general meetings.
okay?
some secondary position.
I don't know, they might've stole your idea. Who knows?
They might just throw you a silver, who knows. You can't just get that.
no chance hahahah
Are you gonna do robotics? is that it?
I don't know, maybe when he becomes president.
It could.
I can still go into committee and just push really hard for it.
But at the same time, I feel like Sedan is too good at interviews.
Even if he's a bozo in practice.
They're good at interviews but they are bad at every competitions
Because that's just how robotics works with (****)
Last year, but current people.
They suck. They got all their judging practices.
That's what they're good at, just lying. But as far as actually doing stuff...
Well, they don't check if you actually do stuff.
Like, they aren't gonna check if you actually did something in Libya. All they know is that, what did you say, Eric?
He tried to interrogate you but in the end...
It's like college apps. They can't check your logs that much
I'm supposed to be DOE and I'm supposed to be making it but
Mon is just kind of pushing ahead of it. Kind of carrying the entire thing.
cause i...
He was peeing for a couple of stuff and I just...
Alt-tab, and alt-tab back.
(****)
It's supposed to start next Monday, but then it's like...
They want to keep the electronic stuff on Fridays when I'm busy at the table.
So it's gonna be really funny.  And I just do not do any of the electronic stuff for them.
I do all the cat stuff but then I think it might end up just being...
someone's gonna do like (****)
Yeah, last year's stuff yeah
I remember I wanted to check kept checking stuff
on the discord server because I never could actually go to the meetings of the FEC and I never saw anything posted.
Like you said, alright guys, we're having something today or hey guys, we're having something today.
Here's the lusher notes. I mean it's fair enough at the same time.
There's a submissions tab, I feel like there's stuff meant to be done with that, I'm just never pulling through with it.
so i dont know what happened
You should do performance.
but you just go into account and show or id like at any time or even nso
You should do counter id  NSO
Fair enough. Maybe if they went out there.
I think the seat might have one after if we get, because we're probably going to get invited.
(****) they are looking like something i dont know
huh? okay.
i was carrying so hard. Like, how come I'm being a bum? Like, even in real life?
Half the time, I just wait until the latest I can to do it.
But then like Kai was just like doing everything way ahead of time and actually practicing the dance.
So I feel really bad for them because they're doing like everything
I should, but I want to- . I want to go home and game.
(***) since 9th grade
I was pulling all nighters in 9th grade for Flora's Outlines.
and then in 10th grade for stat homework and last year was still math homework.
Like I always put all nighters because I want to just keep playing games and it's like oh
2 am Maybe I should start doing homework.
And that's been my entire lifestyle for the past four years.
Probably earlier too actually. Yeah earlier too actually.
. I really need to start doing  setting up.
If I say I'll do it in college, that's a bad idea. I won't.
It needs to start now with Taichung and Jabul.
But at the same time...
It's one button to open game.